README.md, before:

# Stackjump

A framework for generating custom Ubuntu auto-install ISO image and incorporates a Chef Server daemon in which the node will register itself against, auto configure knife as well as automatically register itself via chef-client against localhost.  It can be used to standup the initial jump node of an openstack zone.  It requires no network to stand up and can be incorporated with additional cookbooks such as complicated network interface configurations (bonding, vlan tagging) that will converge itself up to par once it has completed its initial installation and starts chef-client registration automatically.

## Usage

 * Simplest - no args will default to Ubuntu 12.04.3 Precise 64-bit and output "custom.iso" to your current directory, and chef will only upload and run minimal chef-client cookbook.

   ./stackjump

 * Custom iso name

  ./stackjump -o /home/me/foobar.iso

 * chef-repo directory - stackjump will upload (cookbooks, roles, envs) the designated chef-repo directory to your new jump server

  ./stackjump -c /path/to/chef-repo

 * chef-repo github url - stackjump will git clone your github url, do a berks install, and upload (cookbooks, roles, envs) to your new jump server

  ./stackjump -gc https://github.com/att-cloud/chef-repo

 * Dryrun - don't actually create the iso

  ./stackjump -d

 * Keep tempfiles

  ./stackjump -k

 * verbose

  ./stackjump -V

 * Advanced - although the framework has options to specify other Ubuntu versions, releases and arch, it hasn't been tested yet.

   ./stackjump -v 14.04 -r trusty -a i386

 * custom scripts at first run - any custom scripts you want to execute at first run, put into the custom_scripts directory (instead of modifying the first_run.sh, it will automatically be executed

## Chef Server

By default, Stackjump will load only the minimal chef-client cookbook, which enables automatic chef-client interval jobs against itself (localhost).  However, the framework can accept additional chef-repo (cookbooks, roles, data_bags).  Use -c to point it to your chef-repo directory -OR- use -gc to point it to your git repository url.  This will ensure all of the cookbooks will get uploaded to its chef-server installation.  Then modify the first_run.sh script to add any cookbooks or recipes or roles to the node's initial run_list.

As an example:

* git clone git@github.com:me/chef-repo /home/me/chef-repo

* cd /home/me/chef-repo && bundle exec berks install --path /home/me/chef-repo/cookbooks

* add ' knife node run_list add mynode.mydomain.com "recipe[mycookbook::myrecipe]" ' to first_run.sh

* ./stackjump -c /home/me/chef-repo

Once the node auto installs and stands up , you should be able to login as root and do a "knife cookbook list" and see the new cookbook(s) you've uploaded.  As well as "knife node show mynode.mydomain.com" and see the updated run_list.

Commit message:

add bit note to README explaining the log first reboot

README.md, after:

# Stackjump

A framework for generating custom Ubuntu auto-install ISO image and incorporates a Chef Server daemon in which the node will register itself against, auto configure knife as well as automatically register itself via chef-client against localhost.  It can be used to standup the initial jump node of an openstack zone.  It requires no network to stand up and can be incorporated with additional cookbooks such as complicated network interface configurations (bonding, vlan tagging) that will converge itself up to par once it has completed its initial installation and starts chef-client registration automatically.

NOTE: When using the ISO image, after the Ubuntu installation is complete it will reboot once and run the "first_boot.sh" script to setup chef-server and other post installation final touches.   During teh reboot you will see the Ubuntu loading screen and it may appear to hang but the startup process takes about ~5 minutes to get back to a login screen.  If it takes significantly longer, you can do an Alt+F2 to get an alternate login console for troubleshooting.

## Usage

 * Simplest - no args will default to Ubuntu 12.04.3 Precise 64-bit and output "custom.iso" to your current directory, and chef will only upload and run minimal chef-client cookbook.

   ./stackjump

 * Custom iso name

  ./stackjump -o /home/me/foobar.iso

 * chef-repo directory - stackjump will upload (cookbooks, roles, envs) the designated chef-repo directory to your new jump server

  ./stackjump -c /path/to/chef-repo

 * chef-repo github url - stackjump will git clone your github url, do a berks install, and upload (cookbooks, roles, envs) to your new jump server

  ./stackjump -gc https://github.com/att-cloud/chef-repo

 * Dryrun - don't actually create the iso

  ./stackjump -d

 * Keep tempfiles

  ./stackjump -k

 * verbose

  ./stackjump -V

 * Advanced - although the framework has options to specify other Ubuntu versions, releases and arch, it hasn't been tested yet.

   ./stackjump -v 14.04 -r trusty -a i386

 * custom scripts at first run - any custom scripts you want to execute at first run, put into the custom_scripts directory (instead of modifying the first_run.sh, it will automatically be executed

## Chef Server

By default, Stackjump will load only the minimal chef-client cookbook, which enables automatic chef-client interval jobs against itself (localhost).  However, the framework can accept additional chef-repo (cookbooks, roles, data_bags).  Use -c to point it to your chef-repo directory -OR- use -gc to point it to your git repository url.  This will ensure all of the cookbooks will get uploaded to its chef-server installation.  Then modify the first_run.sh script to add any cookbooks or recipes or roles to the node's initial run_list.

As an example:

* git clone git@github.com:me/chef-repo /home/me/chef-repo

* cd /home/me/chef-repo && bundle exec berks install --path /home/me/chef-repo/cookbooks

* add ' knife node run_list add mynode.mydomain.com "recipe[mycookbook::myrecipe]" ' to first_run.sh

* ./stackjump -c /home/me/chef-repo

Once the node auto installs and stands up , you should be able to login as root and do a "knife cookbook list" and see the new cookbook(s) you've uploaded.  As well as "knife node show mynode.mydomain.com" and see the updated run_list.
